v1.96 : 05/09/2013 Tactics

A few minor adjustments here and there.  I have removed the 32bps option and a warning will issue
if you attempt to set a sample rate above 48Khz.  This is a limitation of uematsu.dll, not JCOM-SPC
or SNESAPU.dll.  Also I have removed the code for the REALMagic remote
control and a few other cosmetic bits.  The upshot of this is that JCOM-SPC should run with
the plain vanilla VB6 runtime which is supplied by default with pretty much every version of
windows since XP.  NO MORE RUNTIMER!!! Also JCOM-SPC is now pretty much Windows user profile
thingy safe.  Debug logging is now written to the current user's My Documents folder as
"JCOM-SPC-LOG.txt" and any temporary files get generated in the current user's TEMP folder.
Now this will be the last version of the this codebase, there will not be a "Tactics II:
Operation Bitter Chocolate" edition.  Development on a brand new from scratch JCOM-SPC is slowly
in progress.  Emphisis on slowly...

v1.95 : 05/08/2009 FINAL Super Special Awesome Windows 7 64Bit Bugfix Edition

A small bug concerning how VB deals with registry accesses on Win7 64Bit, causing
a "Runtime error 13".  More spesifically the part that recalls the last window
positions.  Added in some type conversion function calls and reports are
that fixed the problem.

v1.95 : 09/06/2009 FINAL

After years of sitting on this version I'm finally releasing it and putting
the old JCOM-SPC code to rest.  What does this mean?  It means that I am releasing
the source code!  Now you can see how bad the code realy is, how everything is
patched together with binary ducktape.  Come on, I DARE you to attempt to clean it
up!  So many little or unused variables, public variables out the earholes.  Heck,
looking at the code now I can't fathom at all how it all works, 'cause it isn't
commented one bit where it counts!  Have fun!  Oh, here are the changes for
this version:

Fixed a bug or two.
Added some rudimentary external audio compresser support.  Check 'compresser.txt'
for more info.

v1.9 : 27/10/2007

Omigosh! First update in over 2 years!
Fixed a MAJOR bug with the wave recorder.  It just stopped working.
For some reason I had written some idiotic code and as I hardly use the
wave recorder I never noticed the bug creep in.

v1.? : ??/??/????

fixed a few bugs dealing with the playlist editor

v1.8 : 20/3/2005

Added RSN support.  Requires unrar.dll (supplied)

v1.71 : 20/12/2004

Upgraded SPC interface allowing use of latest SNES_APU cores (Thanks goes to BootGod)
Only the left mouse button should operate the buttons - Fixed

v1.7 : 15/5/2003

JCOM - SPC finaly now reports the proper OST track number!
Re-fixed small bug that could cause a memory leak :)
Fixed a bug where after about 110 mins of playing the same SPC JCOM-SPC would crash.
Slightly more efficient remote control code


v1.667 : 21/11/2002

Fixed a small bug that could cause a memory leak
Fixed a bug where the time display woulden't clear itself


v1.666 : 14/11/2002

Added native support for the REALmagic DVD remote control, the most
  common SPC controls are mapped to their logical counterparts on the
  remote.  See the readme for more detials
Added favorites, now you can define up to 10 favorite SPCs or
  playlists which can be quickly accessed from the favorites menu or
  with the 1 - 9 and 0 buttons on the remote control.  See the readme for
  more information.
Added SPC info scroller, if any SPC info is clipped becuse its too big
  just click it to scroll it!
Added SPC info scroller Mk2: The scrollbar on the right selects what
  info is displayed, now all the SPC's header info han be viewed
  without using the SPC info window.
Fixed a bug where a SPC would not fade out before ending when it's
  suppost to.
Removed the SPC info window as its now obsolete.
Disabled hotkeys until I lean how to do them properly! :)
Removed skin support :( ,a freak crash corrupted the source files that
  handle skinning, but that won't stop me from adding more features and   
  the old interface has been improved a bit! (I might make a second,
  more efficient attempt at skinning in the future!)
Switched readmes to text files for ultimate compatibility!
NOTE:  JCOM - SPC v1.666 now requires Runtimer V2,  if you have a older
  version installed then please uninstall that first before installing
  V2


v1.5

Added ‘Add DIR’ to playlist window
Added ‘Remove all’ to playlist window
Finally got round to implamenting ID666 SPC playing times
Record WAVs with or without sound
Added ability to disable playlist progression when wav recording
Added ID666 info window 


v1.4

If you are reading this then you must have guessed that I have switched
from using a word6 file and have gone for RTF for greater
compatibility. The skin system has been the main focus in this release. 
Memory usage should have been cut almost in half.  This is mainly due
to the fact I am now drawing the GFX to the screen instead of using
image controls.  The best way of demonstrating this is comparing V1.4's
about box with one from a previous version.  These changes have paved
the way for a 'advanced' skin format that I intend to add in the next
version.


v1.3

When I first released JCOM - SPC, I said that I would not be 
implementing skin support, well I have!  The main reason that I had
done this is basically I wanted to find your if I really could do this.
And it looks like I can!

Added skin support (see skin notes.txt)
 

v1.2:

Supports sampling rates up to 96Khz, mono/stereo, up to 32bit
Full channel muting, preamp and stereo separation control, on the fly
Built in playlist editor
Easy file association
Global hotkeys (working but could use a little more development)
WAV file recording
Fast Forward and Rewind capability


v1.2

	Added Fast Forwarding and Rewinding by 5 seconds to the main
        window (preliminary, FF works best at moment).
	Fixed a nasty bug that caused JCOM-SPC to quit whenever you
        minimised the main window.
	Added WAV file recording, find it in the control box.


v1.1

	Some GUI bugs fixed (thanx go to Marius Fodor for spotting
        them out)
	Upgraded to v3.1 of Super Jukebox’s Uematsu.dll


v1.0

Changes from v0.9 beta:
	Added file association option.
	Moved Preamp, stereo separation and channel muting to a
	separate window, SNESAmp style.
	Media Player like double-click file handling (once files have
        been associated)
	Added ‘About’ window, check it out!


v0.9 beta

Iv finally got round to adding channel muting.
The settings dialogue will now pop up once the first time you run this
version of JCOM-SPC.
The version number has been changed to better indicate how much longer
JCOM-SPC will be ‘incomplete’.


v0.12

1. Hotkeys are now available!  To use them make sure you have enabled
‘HotKeys Enabled’ in the options menu and then all you need to do is
Shift+Alt+:
	UP - Plays / Pauses current SPC
	Down - Stops currently playing SPC
	LEFT - Previous SPC in playlist
	RIGHT - Next SPC in playlist
Some dead code has been removed resulting in  a smaller EXE.
Playlist format has changed (mainly due to cleanups in my code) and 
playlists made with V0.11 and V0.1.1 are now incompatible.
For those who have upgraded from V0.1.1 or V0.11 it is advisable to 
double check your setting in ‘Options / Settings’.  The upgrade from 
SNESAmp.dll to Uematsu.dll / SNESAPU.dll has added new features (stereo
separation, etc.)


v0.11

Removed some unused controls (scrollbars, etc)
Fixed problems with closing or clicking CANCEL in any load/save dialogs
Fixed problem with trying to open more than one instance of JCOM-SPC
Possibly have fixed problem with associations under WinME (Win98 is 
currently untested by me) 


v0.1.1

1.  When saving a playlist make sure that you put the .lst extension on
the end of the filename.  This will be fixed when I get round to it.
2.  General loading/saving:  If possible please avoid clicking CANCEL 
or closing the window as this will most likely bring up a error and crash the player.
3.  At the current moment you will have to manually associate .SPC 
.SP0-9 and .LST.
If JCOM - SPC is already running and you double click another SPC file 
(if you have them associated with JCOM - SPC) may cause problems.

